Update monitoring-jenkins-ot.mdx (#14109)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/jenkins/monitoring-jenkins-ot.mdx

  src={opentelemetryJenkins05}
/>

<Callout variant="important">

>   The Jenkins OpenTelemetry plugin is not maintained by New Relic, any issues with instrumentation should be brought to the plugin's [GitHub repository](https://github.com/jenkinsci/opentelemetry-plugin/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Jenkins OpenTelemetry plugin is not maintained by New Relic, so if you have any issues with the instrumentation, [create a new issue in the plugin's GitHub repo](https://github.com/jenkinsci/opentelemetry-plugin/issues).
```
